welcome to thriller recapped today i will
show you a psychological thriller film called
the killing room spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
the movie is set after the effects of 9 11.
four individuals sign up for a psychological
research study only to discover that they
are now subjects of a brutal modern version
of the project mk ultra one by one the subjects
are brought into a large white room and left
in an unsettling state movie starts with ms
emily she is the youngest military psychologist
in her nso unit then we see dr phillips he
is researcher in charge at mk ultra dr phillips
tells her how they usually don't recruit people
above 25 since they cannot even look at the
room straight emily is there for job interview
and she is told to observe things and after
four phases they will able to tell if she
is hired or not if she lasts by then emily
looks at the room and we see a team cleaning
it for the next group in the room we see the
first volunteer of the group carrie she enters
the room and then see very strange question
given to her then we see the second volunteer
entering the room tony upon entering the room
he notices that the tables and chairs are
locked to the floor and we see the second
question as they continue to think about the
answers third volunteer crawford is introduced
he seems to have previous experiences of this
exams and he instantly starts filling up the
paper the fourth volunteer paul brody he seems
to be observing and silent he goes to the
chair in the end and he also notices that
it is locked to the table crawford and others
start talking about the questions that they
will save themselves if put in any situation
showed in questions in the next scene we see
emily telling the doctor that mk ultra project
was discontinued 60 years ago and she is shocked
to see it working tony calls her mom and tells
her he will be back by the night then we see
dr phillips entering the room and introducing
himself to them doctor tells them that they
will be paid 250 and they might have to stay
till eight hours then he asks them to take
out all their belongings from mobile phone
to bazookas and put it in the bag assuring
them they will get it back before leaving
then he goes to emily and tells her each member
will be eliminated in four phases and it starts
now shooting her brains to the floor everyone
is shocked and scared hiding near the table
once doctor leaves tony gets up and tells
them it was a nice prank for youtube but now
he wants to go home and they can end it here
crawford pulls tony and pushes him towards
the dead body of carrie showing that it's
not a prank and they're in serious trouble
tony is extremely raged along with other volunteers
and then they start trying to find ways to
escape the room in control room we see emily
being upset about the whole incident dr phillip
tells her it's for a bigger cause later in
room we see small window opening and someone
throwing something out of it it turns out
to be a gun paul points it towards tony crawford
calms hims down and asks him to check the
magazine of gun and they see it empty with
only one bullet in the chamber with only one
bullet in gun they talk about the elimination
phase and they see a paper thrown out of the
window the question says what number do american
citizens choose frequently from 1-33 as they
read the question we see the doctor asking
emily to start the timer for two hours as
the timer continues we see the question stats
person guessing number farthest from from
the answer will be the one to get eliminated
the question strangely has grammatical mistake
saying best luck instead of best of luck to
make the volunteers think the person behind
the whole project is not american tony continues
to find a way to escape the room and we hear
a noise in the background both of them lean
towards the vent and try to listen to it tony
stupidly says it's muslim language and crawford
corrects him that muslim is not a language
and it might be arabic emily in the control
rooms knows the reason behind playing arabic
conversation in the room then we see paul
finding out some cravings on the wall as all
of them tries to read what's written on the
wall we see tony going back to the dead body
of carrie and dipping his hands in her blood
he comes back and then he rubs his hands on
the wall making the texts readable shockingly
they see pray for us written on the wall tony
continues to decipher the texts then we see
doctor telling emily that their team wrote
the text to fool the volunteers the timer
changes suddenly and now they have one hour
left paul rages out and tries to shoot the
glass knowing it is bulletproof glass and
it will be waste of bullet they push him down
back in the control room doctor tells emily
to continue the next step we see crawford
passing gun to tony saying he does not want
to keep the gun with him the small window
opens suddenly they go towards it but they
can't see anyone so they hide under the table
to make a plan they plan to shoot the person
in window but tony stupidly goes and puts
his hands in the window getting it locked
onto it they all help him and finally his
hand is free only to see it severely injured
crawford wraps his shirt on tony's hand paul
notices the timer being changed again emily
sees all this from the control room she tells
doctor that she wants to use the washroom
at this point we can see that emily is highly
disturbed from what she saw and she breaks
down she fixes herself and comes back to control
room later we see tony sitting in the chair
with shirt around his neck showing his rocket
to people in control room crawford makes a
plan and asks both the volunteers to say the
same answer this way they will be a tie and
none of them will lose few minutes before
the timer runs out tony says that he is going
to miss his mom and wishes his daughter will
take care of his mom paul says he will miss
his family crawford says he never got to meet
his daughter and whoever survives the exam
he wants them to tell his daughter he loves
her and makes a prayer then we see timer getting
to zero the voice tells them to submit the
answer tony says the number seven is agreed
but paul betrays them and says 17 instead
crawford is left with no choice and he says
the answer 7 is agreed then we hear the announcement
saying the volunteer for elimination is chosen
within seconds the room is filled with sleeping
gas they find it hard to breath and it knocks
them down then we see some doctors entering
the room they put tony on the stretcher back
in the control room we see doctor giving a
jacket to emily telling her to come with him
to the testing room as they walk towards the
room the doctor gives her face mask and tells
her this is just the first phase and tells
her to just observe upon entering the room
emily sees carrie the first volunteer at this
point in her conscience she feels that she
has just witnessed death of innocent people
she walks around the room observing everything
while the doctor checks volunteers then the
doctors grabs the gun from the briefcase and
shoots tony in front of emily she tries to
stay calm then they leave the room and lock
the door with an access card the doctor tells
her that she should not worry about them since
many people go missing in america every single
day continuing they play loud music in the
room due to the too loud noise crawford wakes
up in pain from the sleeping gas he looks
and finds tony lying in a bloodbath he blames
it on paul since paul decided to betray them
in the last moment paul begs him to shoot
accusing that crawford is imposter we see
another question being thrown out of the window
the question stats where does america stand
in iq level of average citizen crawford finds
a note saying hint in the footer the note
says the answer is not in top ten he cuts
the note out and then reads the rule saying
they all will die if they choose same answer
and c's best luck in the end upon being tired
from everything crawford puts his head on
the table back in the office dr philip tells
teen to play a recording they start playing
a prayer of muslims making volunteers believe
that they're trapped by a terrorist organization
crawford rages out and tries to bring the
light down he fails by taking the light down
he then tries to make his way through the
hole paul helps him instantly while paul is
helping him the team of doctors enter the
room they start recording it while crawford
escapes then they take down paul with a taser
as crawford crawls in the vent doctor tells
emily that it is human nature to sacrifice
themselves in order to protect the other being
after enough contact crawford reaches the
end event and we see doctors making notes
at another vent this means they have different
groups having similar escape patterns and
then they knock him down and bring him back
to the room unconscious paul is awake now
sitting in the corner scared from everything
in the next scene we see emily walking towards
the experimental room and opening the door
she then helps both of the volunteers in escaping
the facility however only to find this was
imagination in her mind somehow doctor knows
what she's been thinking and tells her to
stop there then he tells her that if she will
stop observing then her interview will be
over and she will be of no use to them back
in the room paul walks towards crawford and
we see that he's alive then crawford thanks
him for helping him he is having remorse and
tell him that he tore the hint from the paper
thinking paul as impostor continuing he makes
a plan and he covers himself with blood of
tony making himself slippery so the guards
can't get a hold of him continuing he says
that he will stop the guards and paul can
escape since he wants this raccoons to be
exposed to world however paul decides to kill
himself instead to save crawford but we see
gunshots and crawford is shot by the guards
they put the dead body of crawford on stretcher
and we see doctors taking away paul he is
in extreme pain from the death of crawford
back in the office doctor reveals to emily
that when a cell is attacked by outer force
human body reacts the same way by sacrificing
itself for a superior good and at the whole
project nk ultra is based on creating american
suicide bombers to fight other countries and
organizations then the doctor goes to meet
paul but he is in extreme pain and scared
as well so he pushes them away and he makes
his run to find an exit we see paul making
his way to the control room he sees emily
she is standing at the door however surprisingly
emily closes door on his face paul screams
and begs for help to her but emily decided
to walk away and we see her looking at the
room while the team is cleaning everything
the doctor tells her that she has done the
right thing and her interview is over and
that she is hired back in the hallway we see
paul still running to find a and exit he enters
a room with more volunteers in it and the
announcement says phase 2 has started
hope you liked it like and subscribe and let
me know in the comments about the movie